okay down we congratulations another big
win and who would have thought you
playing a second home game here in the
district playoffs and playing this
Avenue Pennsbury what did these last
couple weeks been like for you I know
it's been big we didn't think we're
going to have any playoff games here at
girlfriend and not know we knew this was
him to the last game if we won or not
say you know section effort to come out
here and get a good win at Alaska Chrome
what does it mean to be going back to
district champions ok when a lot of
people have written me off is being me
when you lost to your first three games
that's great you got this man it feels
great like leo last year we made the
visitors last year won this last year
feels great to come back to it we owe to
our seniors last year come back when
this again let's go back inside the
dream come true i mean i mean we even
had to play games at home this year I
mean we were ranked 11th we didn't think
we're coming back that's a half / or sat
down at midfield and you know we all
kissed it said a prayer we prayed to God
we can come back here and I mean we come
back it's no he's answered our prayers
were thankful for that it's amazing
tonight again you it looked like was
going to be closed for a while and what
was the key tonight and you know I think
the real key was when we came out
offensively drove right down the field
and put it right to him and you know we
didn't stop driving the ball down I
think another big key was on that really
long past the cupboards I really broke
their back up yet we came right down we
scored again coach Beck said let's get
another score for the end of the half we
drove right down there we punched the
right in
our only seniors yes how exciting is
this to be in this position and does it
mean mo more this year of the ICU I mean
this is our last year you don't want it
to end we're trying to go as far as we
can in the playoffs I mean if this keeps
going is this keeps going I mean this is
everything we've dreamed of I mean for
the season we all said we wanted to go
this far hopefully they go even farther
I mean but right here right now we're
worried about next week council rock
south excited to play them again yes we
got them last year in the playoffs
saying I they can be gunning for us it's
going to begin well congratulations down
a nice job thank you thank you thank you